{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red170\green13\blue145;\red63\green110\blue116;\red92\green38\blue153;
\red46\green13\blue110;\red0\green116\blue0;\red196\green26\blue22;\red28\green0\blue207;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1134\margr1134\margb1134\margt1134\vieww20520\viewh13940\viewkind0
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 MJNIndexView
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab709

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709\sl360\slmult1
\cf0 MJNIndexView is an UIControl which displays an alternative index for UITableView. I wanted to mimic the index designed by Jeremy Olson's Tapity for their Languages app. I think their idea of implementing index is brilliant and it is one of the best examples of great UX. I hope more apps are going to use similar indices instead of the generic ones.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab709
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Example code:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab709

\f2\fs20 \cf2 @interface\cf0  \cf3 MJNIndexTestViewController\cf0  () <\cf3 MJNIndexViewDataSource\cf0 >
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab709

\f2\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\tx529\pardeftab709
\cf2 @property\cf0  (\cf2 nonatomic\cf0 , \cf2 strong\cf0 ) \cf3 MJNIndexView\cf0  *indexView;
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \cf2 @property\cf0  (\cf2 nonatomic\cf0 , \cf2 strong\cf0 ) \cf4 NSMutableArray\cf0  *sectionArray;
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \cf2 @property\cf0  (\cf2 nonatomic\cf0 , \cf2 strong\cf0 ) \cf4 UITableView\cf0  *tableView;
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx529\pardeftab709

\f2\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\tx529\pardeftab709
\cf2 @end
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx529\pardeftab709

\f2\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\tx529\pardeftab709
\cf2 @implementation\cf0  MJNIndexTestViewController
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx529\pardeftab709

\f2\fs20 \cf0 \
- (\cf2 void\cf0 )viewDidLoad
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \{
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 	[\cf2 super\cf0  \cf5 viewDidLoad\cf0 ];
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \
	\cf6 // initialise tableView
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx529\pardeftab709

\f2\fs20 \cf6 	\cf2 self\cf0 .\cf3 tableView\cf0  = [[\cf4 UITableView\cf0  \cf5 alloc\cf0 ] \cf5 initWithFrame\cf0 :\cf2 self\cf0 .\cf4 view\cf0 .\cf4 bounds\cf0 ]	[\cf2 self\cf0 .\cf3 tableView\cf0  \cf5 registerClass\cf0 :[\cf4 UITableViewCell
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx529\pardeftab709

\f2\fs20 \cf0 	\cf5 class\cf0 ]\cf5 forCellReuseIdentifier\cf0 :\cf7 @"cell"\cf0 ];
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 	\cf2 self\cf0 .\cf3 tableView\cf0 .\cf4 dataSource\cf0  = \cf2 self\cf0 ;
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 	\cf2 self\cf0 .\cf3 tableView\cf0 .\cf4 delegate\cf0  = \cf2 self\cf0 ;
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 	\cf2 self\cf0 .\cf3 tableView\cf0 .\cf4 showsVerticalScrollIndicator\cf0  = \cf2 NO\cf0 ;
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 	[\cf2 self\cf0 .\cf4 view\cf0  \cf5 addSubview\cf0 :\cf2 self\cf0 .\cf3 tableView\cf0 ];
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \
\pard\tx529\pardeftab709
\cf6 	// initialise MJNIndexView
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2\fs20 \cf6 	\cf2 self\cf0 .\cf3 indexView\cf0  = [[\cf3 MJNIndexView\cf0  \cf5 alloc\cf0 ]\cf5 initWithFrame\cf0 :\cf2 self\cf0 .\cf4 view\cf0 .\cf4 bounds\cf0 ];
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx529\pardeftab709

\f2\fs20 \cf0 	\cf2 self\cf0 .\cf3 indexView\cf0 .\cf3 dataSource\cf0  = \cf2 self\cf0 ;
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 	\cf2 self\cf0 .\cf3 indexView\cf0 .\cf3 fontColor\cf0  = [\cf4 UIColor\cf0  \cf5 blueColor\cf0 ];
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 	[\cf2 self\cf0 .\cf4 view\cf0  \cf5 addSubview\cf0 :\cf2 self\cf0 .\cf3 indexView\cf0 ];
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \}
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \
\pard\tx529\pardeftab709
\cf6 // two methods needed for MJNINdexView protocol
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx529\pardeftab709

\f2\fs20 \cf0 - (\cf4 NSArray\cf0  *)sectionIndexTitlesForMJNIndexView:(\cf3 MJNIndexView\cf0  *)indexView
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \{
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 	\cf2 return\cf0  sectionArray;
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \}
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \
- (\cf2 void\cf0 )sectionForSectionMJNIndexTitle:(\cf4 NSString\cf0  *)title atIndex:(\cf4 NSInteger\cf0 )index;
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \{
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 	[\cf2 self\cf0 .\cf3 tableView\cf0  \cf5 scrollToRowAtIndexPath\cf0 :[\cf4 NSIndexPath\cf0  \cf5 indexPathForItem\cf0 :\cf8 0\cf0  	\cf5 inSection\cf0 :index] \cf5 atScrollPosition\cf0 : \cf5 UITableViewScrollPositionTop\cf0  	\cf5 animated\cf0 :\cf2 NO\cf0 ];
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \}
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 .
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 .
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 .
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx529\pardeftab709

\f2\fs20 \cf2 @end
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Usage
\f1 :
\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab709\sl360\slmult1

\f0 \cf0 Only two files are required for using MJNIndexView: 
\f2 MJNindexView.h
\f0  & 
\f2 MJNIndexView.m
\f0 .
\f1 \

\f0 Copy both of them into your Xcode Project.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab709\sl360\slmult1

\f0\i\b \cf0 Make sure to include QuartzCore framework in your target.
\f1\i0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab709\sl360\slmult1

\f0 \cf0 \
Your UIViewController must implement MJNIndexViewDataSource protocol methods. The first one of them is needed to provide the index with all section titles. The second one is needed to provide UIViewController with a title or index number selected by a user.
\f1 \

\f0 \
You can customize the look and behaviour of MJNIndex by tweaking more than 20 parameters. You can experiment with the most of them in the demo app.
\f1 \

\f0 \
If you want to change items in the index or most of its parameters after the MJNIndexView  was added to the superView you should use the method \'96 (void)refreshIndexItems to recalculate every item position, size etc.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab709
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 To do:
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab709\li720\fi-360\ri-6\sl360\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\b0\fs24 \cf0 \'95	
\f0 Improve a curtain fade (it could behave strange when you use very large value for the right margin).
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \'95	
\f0 Cocoapod
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab709
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Credits:
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab709

\b0\fs24 \cf0 If you use this control in your app, please add  some credits.
\f1 \
\
\
}